I have used Kaggle dataset to conduct this project. You can find the work from my Profile in kaggle.

DESCRIPTIVE STATISTICS: At first I have looked over on the basics on the dataset so I have checked for descriptive stats and column types.

DATA PREPROCESSING: As I have found here two object data a Label encoder has been used for transforming the data in 'GENDER' and 'LUNG CANCER'.

DATA PROCESSING: Finding out any null values,data type, were the primary concern and then any misleading datatypes has been checked. Though a check on outliers was required to conduct.

DATA VISUALIZATION: Subplot were presented to see relevance of other values with LUNG CANCER.

ANOVA TEST: OLS regression, Correlation heatmap were presented to check the quality of data,kurtosis, durbin-watson value, pearson value, skewness, correlation, co-variance etc. For the intercept point of OLS REgression linear regrression was conducted to guess the intercept and then OLS REGression was done. It presented moderately good model. Again Pearson value speaks of most of the columns are related with Lung Cancer. So most of them were Taken.

MODEL DEPLOYMENT: Due to being a classification problem I have used SVM, Logistics Regression, K-Nearest Neighbour, Naive Bayes classifier. Then bootstrap aggregation has been conducted for more boosting where the result was not good enough so XGboost was used to increase but both of these showed the same result. Next by ensembling three models together and then by using stackingclassifier a 98% accuracy was obtained.

CLUSTERING: Implementation of clustering, which is to group lung cancer possibility by age range and smoking.

DEEP NEURAL NETWORK: Finally to increse more accuracy NN was used with keeping Optimizer:adam, sigmoid function and activation :Relu and epochs was set 47 where the model worked best. it showed 100% accuracy. Still a lot of work is required to work on it.

CONCLUSION: Though it presented a good accuracy score,more things are required to work on it like others boosting operation more exploratory data analysis, more visualization, implementation of Cross validation, Improved DEEP LEARNING Approach.
